Step Template:

Inbound email summary: Customer is encountering an error in SMART Settings stating that their product is not supported with this version of the drivers.
Steps Taken/Results Summary: Advised that the message indicates that their product is not supported with this version of the drivers. Advised that it can still work, but it is not supported. Informed customer that they can roll back to Notebook 11 SP1 if they want to get rid of the message.
Next steps: Reply with instructions for cleanup and reinstall if customer responds and wishes to roll back.


Email Template:

(I understand that you are using an older hardware product, and upon installing SMART Notebook™ 11 collaborative learning software, you are getting the message that your product is not supported.  I am happy to help.)

 

With new releases of our software, discontinued products are no longer fully supported, and as such are no longer included in our software testing. If you use a discontinued hardware product with recent releases of our software, you will see the message that your product is not supported. We apologize for this inconvenience.

 

You can continue to use these versions of our software, as they are currently still packaged with older product drivers; however, we are unable to fully support your product if you encounter any issues. You will also continue to see the message that your product is not supported, but feel free to experiment.

 

If you are uncomfortable using an unsupported software version with your product, you can use SMART Notebook 11 with Service Pack 1. This is the last version of our software that fully supports discontinued products.

 

If you choose to rollback your version of SMART Notebook to version 11 with Service Pack 1, please let us know and we can provide you with appropriate instructions for installing old versions of our software on top of newer versions.


If you have any further questions or concerns, please contact us again.


Tags(Do Not Copy):

EMT, SMART Settings, Unsupported, Not Supported, SB500, SB580, PX400, PX300, ID250, Hardware